Problem ID: abc346_b
Problem Content:
There is an infinitely long piano keyboard.
Is there a continuous segment within this keyboard that consists of W white keys and B black keys?

Let S be the string formed by infinitely repeating the string wbwbwwbwbwbw.
Is there a substring of S that consists of W occurrences of w and B occurrences of b?

What is a substring of S?
A substring of S is a string that can be formed by concatenating the l-th, (l+1)-th, \dots, r-th characters of S in this order for some two positive integers l and r (l\leq r).

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
W B

Output

If there is a substring of S that consists of W occurrences of w and B occurrences of b, print Yes; otherwise, print No.

Constraints


- W and B are integers.
- 0\leq W,B \leq 100
- W+B \geq 1

Sample Input 1

3 2

Sample Output 1

Yes

The first 15 characters of S are wbwbwwbwbwbwwbw. You can take the 11-th through 15-th characters to form the string bwwbw, which is a substring consisting of three occurrences of w and two occurrences of b.

Sample Input 2

3 0

Sample Output 2

No

The only string consisting of three occurrences of w and zero occurrences of b is www, which is not a substring of S.

Sample Input 3

92 66

Sample Output 3

Yes

Codestral Analysis:
 Based on the information provided in this problem:

- The problem involves processing a string of infinite length, which consists of repeating patterns of "w" and "b".
- It asks if there's a substring that consists of 'W' occurrences of 'w' and 'B' occurrences of 'b'.
- To solve this problem, we can use mathematical analysis instead of brute force string manipulation due to the infinite length of the input.
- It doesn't require any complex data structures or algorithms.
- The main challenge is to find a pattern in the repeating "w" and "b".
- The problem has clear constraints, making it a basic level problem.

Therefore, I would classify this problem as a Basic level problem that primarily tests mathematical analysis skills rather than requiring advanced programming skills or complex data structures/algorithms.
