Problem ID: abc349_c
Problem Content:
A string T of length 3 consisting of uppercase English letters is an airport code for a string S of lowercase English letters if and only if T can be derived from S by one of the following methods:

- Take a subsequence of length 3 from S (not necessarily contiguous) and convert it to uppercase letters to form T.
- Take a subsequence of length 2 from S (not necessarily contiguous), convert it to uppercase letters, and append X to the end to form T.

Given strings S and T, determine if T is an airport code for S.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
S
T

Output

Print Yes if T is an airport code for S, and No otherwise.

Constraints


- S is a string of lowercase English letters with a length between 3 and 10^5, inclusive.
- T is a string of uppercase English letters with a length of 3.

Sample Input 1

narita
NRT

Sample Output 1

Yes

The subsequence nrt of narita, when converted to uppercase, forms the string NRT, which is an airport code for narita.

Sample Input 2

losangeles
LAX

Sample Output 2

Yes

The subsequence la of losangeles, when converted to uppercase and appended with X, forms the string LAX, which is an airport code for losangeles.

Sample Input 3

snuke
RNG

Sample Output 3

No

Codestral Analysis:
 This problem can be categorized as a string manipulation problem with some elements of subsequence checking. The difficulty level is moderate to high considering that it requires good understanding of string operations and subsequences. It would require knowledge in handling character cases, iterating through strings, and implementing logic for the given conditions. Programming skills necessary include working experience with languages like C++, Java or Python that support such string manipulation functions. The complexity of this problem is moderate to high as it might involve nested loops or complex conditions depending on the chosen approach.
