Problem ID: abc353_a
Problem Content:
There are N buildings aligned in a row. The i-th building from the left has a height of H_i.
Determine if there is a building taller than the first one from the left. If such a building exists, find the position of the leftmost such building from the left.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
N
H_1 H_2 \ldots H_N

Output

If no building is taller than the first one from the left, print -1.
If such a building exists, print the position (index) of the leftmost such building from the left.

Constraints


- 1 \leq N \leq 100
- 1 \leq H_i \leq 100
- All input values are integers.

Sample Input 1

4
3 2 5 2

Sample Output 1

3

The building taller than the first one from the left is the third one from the left.

Sample Input 2

3
4 3 2

Sample Output 2

-1

No building is taller than the first one from the left.

Sample Input 3

7
10 5 10 2 10 13 15

Sample Output 3

6

The buildings taller than the first one from the left are the sixth and seventh ones. Among them, the leftmost is the sixth one.

Codestral Analysis:
 This problem can be classified under a simple search or array iteration problem category. The level of difficulty is EASY because it only involves iterating over an array to find an element that satisfies a given condition. It doesn't require any advanced data structures or algorithms.

The required programming skills include basic understanding of handling input/output, variables, arrays and looping constructs. No specific knowledge about a particular programming language is needed as long as the basics are understood.

As for complexity, this problem has a time complexity of O(N) because in the worst-case scenario we might need to iterate through all N elements of the array once. The space complexity is O(1) because we only use a constant amount of additional memory to store variables such as the first building's height and the current position within the array.
