Problem ID: abc332_b
Problem Content:
AtCoder Inc. sells glasses and mugs.
Takahashi has a glass with a capacity of G milliliters and a mug with a capacity of M milliliters.
Here, G<M.
Initially, both the glass and the mug are empty.
After performing the following operation K times, determine how many milliliters of water are in the glass and the mug, respectively.

- When the glass is filled with water, that is, the glass contains exactly G milliliters of water, discard all the water from the glass.
- Otherwise, if the mug is empty, fill the mug with water.
- Otherwise, transfer water from the mug to the glass until the mug is empty or the glass is filled with water.

Input

The input is given from Standard Input in the following format:
K G M

Output

Print the amounts, in milliliters, of water in the glass and the mug, in this order, separated by a space, after performing the operation K times.

Constraints


- 1\leq K\leq 100
- 1\leq G<M\leq 1000
- G, M, and K are integers.

Sample Input 1

5 300 500

Sample Output 1

200 500

The operation will be performed as follows. Initially, both the glass and the mug are empty.

- Fill the mug with water. The glass has 0 milliliters, and the mug has 500 milliliters of water.
- Transfer water from the mug to the glass until the glass is filled. The glass has 300 milliliters, and the mug has 200 milliliters of water.
- Discard all the water from the glass. The glass has 0 milliliters, and the mug has 200 milliliters of water.
- Transfer water from the mug to the glass until the mug is empty. The glass has 200 milliliters, and the mug has 0 milliliters of water.
- Fill the mug with water. The glass has 200 milliliters, and the mug has 500 milliliters of water.

Thus, after five operations, the glass has 200 milliliters, and the mug has 500 milliliters of water.
Hence, print 200 and 500 in this order, separated by a space.

Sample Input 2

5 100 200

Sample Output 2

0 0

Codestral Analysis:
 The problem is about simulating a series of operations involving transferring water between a glass and a mug with different capacities. Given the number of operations to perform, we need to determine the amount of water in each container after all the operations are completed. This problem can be categorized as a simulation problem, requiring basic programming skills such as conditional statements and loops. The complexity of the problem is relatively low since it only involves simple mathematical calculations and does not require advanced data structures or algorithms.

Here's a brief analysis of how to solve this problem:
1. Initialize two variables to store the amount of water in the glass and mug, both starting with zero.
2. For each operation, check if the glass is filled with water (i.e., it contains G milliliters). If so, discard all the water from the glass by setting its value to zero. Otherwise, proceed to the next step.
3. Check if the mug is empty. If so, fill the mug with water by setting its value to M. If not, transfer water from the mug to the glass until either the mug is empty or the glass is filled.
4. Repeat steps 2 and 3 for the given number of operations (K).
5. After all the operations are completed, print the amounts of water in the glass and mug.
